so here we got the plate mounted you're
gonna be hooking up the the batteries
hooking up the pivot and then we're
gonna be testing it well
how's it gonna work is it yeah yes see
we just
we just tested it and track didn't work
so we determined that the speed
controller was bad so we swapped it out
now it works so let's watch it move
alright so we just got this thing all
buttoned up and there we go the bucket
works
we've got track function forward
backwards and also left and right and
kind of a new function that we built
into this whole 360 obviously the speeds
have to be adjusted but this thing will
go around and round and round until the
battery dies again we'll get the speeds
down to the right motion and we're just
perfecting this bucket trip and it
latches back up so there you go it's all
set we're gonna deliver it actually
we're gonna take it to Chicago tomorrow
get some lights put on it and then next
week we're going to take it to the
customer